hello this video is brought to you by
Mike's place but a mike's place CA for
all your mac pc and iphone needs in this
video I'm talking about the gevey sim
which unlocks your iphone 4 go to the
link in the description to get it from
mike's place dot CA here's my iphone 4
i'll show you that is not unlockable by
ultrasnow
as you can see the modern former is four
point 1001 and I am running version 4.3
point three when you do get the Jovi sim
it does come with a nice instruction
booklet which shows you all the steps
which are very easy to complete the
first step to unlocking your phone is by
removing the old sim tray you could do
that by using a sim removal pin or by
just using a simple paper clip as you
see I removed the old sim tray now you
put the chip in the provided sim tray
and put your microcard micro sim card in
this tray be aware that you do have to
cut a little section off the top right
portion of your micro sim card so it
could fit in the stray make sure to turn
off your phone before inserting it you
can now insert the custom sim tray
provided the next step is to turn your
device on
after your phone has turned on you wait
for a welcome screen to show as you see
the welcome screen says please accept to
continue then wait 15 seconds dial 112
and hang up within two seconds turn on
the airplane mode until the no sim card
installed message shows up then turn it
off now you're done so what you need to
do is click accept and wait until one
signal bar shows up in the top left
corner of the screen as you can see
there is one signal bar showing so we
can go ahead and open up the phone
application and dial 112 do not let the
call connect and once you press call
count to two and then end the call 12
after the call disconnects open up the
settings application and turn airplane
mode on until the no sim card install
screen pops up click OK and turn
airplane mode off until the sim failure
screen shows up after you press ok you
wait till the signal bars appear in the
top left corner and you have
successfully unlock your device just way
for all the signal bars to reappear
until you see your service carrier to
use your networks edge or 3g connection
scroll down to general network and turn
data roaming on the advise if you're
using tmobile or simple mobile in the
u.s. it only works with edge now i'm
going to prove to you that this is the
same device as before as you see my
modem firmware is 0 for 10 0 0 1 and you
see that I am running for point three
point three overall i love the gevey sim
there's no need to jailbreak your device
or wait for the dev team through the
unlock it is compatible from 4.0 all the
way up to the current iOS which is four
point three point three but when i'm
making this video i will update videos
when a new iOS firmware comes out to
show you that it is compatible with that
if you're an iphone 4 unlocker i highly
recommend you get this for a low price
of thirty-five dollars from mike's place
CA this is a very useful and must-have
accessory for anyone who does not want
to use your iPhone with the carrier lock
in my case I use simple mobile however
it shows up as t-mobile on the gevey sim
for sixty dollar low flat rate unlimited
everything if you're in a different
country in locked with AT&T or any other
carrier you can use this to use your
carrier you want I hope you enjoyed this
video and make sure once again to check
out Mike's place CA to purchase this or
look up other iphone and mac repair